fix(aws-pcs): harden multi-user OpenLDAP for production (compute LDAP join, password idempotency, replacement docs) (#1141)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: architectures/aws-pcs/docs/PARAMETERS.md

| `SlurmVersion` | `25.11` | Slurm version (`25.05` or `25.11`). Drives which monitoring you get (Slurm OpenMetrics is 25.11+ only) and is also threaded into the CNG UserData so the right-version Pyxis is installed; see [OPERATIONS.md §1](./OPERATIONS.md#1-slurm-version-selection) |
| `LoginNodeInstanceType` | `m6i.4xlarge` | Login node instance type |
| `RootVolumeSize` | `300` | Root EBS volume size (GiB) on every node (login + compute); 300 leaves room for large container images (Megatron `.sqsh` ~20 GB) |

> | `AmiId` | *(empty → SSM auto-resolve)* | AMI ID for every node group. **Empty (default) auto-resolves to the latest PCS-Ready Deep Learning AMI** (Ubuntu 24.04, x86_64) from SSM (`/aws/service/pcs/ami/dlami-base-ubuntu2404/x86_64/latest/ami-id`). For production, **pin to a specific `ami-xxx`** so a later scale-out cannot drift onto a newer base. Use a custom AMI built off the PCS-Ready DLAMI base (e.g. via [`pcs-ready-dlami-with-enroot-pyxis.yaml`](../README.md#85-pre-baking-enrootpyxis-into-a-custom-ami)) when you want Enroot/Pyxis pre-baked or other customizations. See [OPERATIONS.md §4](./OPERATIONS.md#25-ami-selection-amiid--pin-in-production) |

Reviewer: ### Same stale "§4" label in the `AmiId` parameter row

Identical issue on the `AmiId` row — target updated to `#25-...`, label still says "§4":

```suggestion
| `AmiId` | *(empty → SSM auto-resolve)* | AMI ID for every node group. **Empty (default) auto-resolves to the latest PCS-Ready Deep Learning AMI** (Ubuntu 24.04, x86_64) from SSM (`/aws/service/pcs/ami/dlami-base-ubuntu2404/x86_64/latest/ami-id`). For production, **pin to a specific `ami-xxx`** so a later scale-out cannot drift onto a newer base. Use a custom AMI built off the PCS-Ready DLAMI base (e.g. via [`pcs-ready-dlami-with-enroot-pyxis.yaml`](../README.md#85-pre-baking-enrootpyxis-into-a-custom-ami)) when you want Enroot/Pyxis pre-baked or other customizations. See [OPERATIONS.md §2.5](./OPERATIONS.md#25-ami-selection-amiid--pin-in-production) |
```

Severity: nit.
